Update prepare-to-upgrade.md (#1604)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/upgrade/prepare-to-upgrade.md

To upgrade from 8.17.0 or earlier to 9.0.0, you must first upgrade to the latest 8.18 patch release. This allows you to use the [Upgrade Assistant](prepare-to-upgrade/upgrade-assistant.md) to identify and resolve issues, reindex indices created before 8.0.0, and perform a rolling upgrade. Upgrading to the latest 8.18 patch release is required even if you choose a full {{es}} cluster restart. If you're using 7.x and earlier, you may need to complete multiple upgrades or perform a full-cluster restart to reach the latest 8.18 patch release before upgrading to 9.0.0.

If you are already running an 8.18.x version, it's also recommended to upgrade to the latest 8.18 patch release before upgrading to 9.x, as that will ensure the latest version of the upgrade assistant will be used, together with other possible bug fixes that could have implications in the upgrade.

> Alternatively to upgrading the cluster, you can create a 9.0.0 deployment and reindex from remote. For more information, refer to [Reindex to upgrade](#reindex-to-upgrade).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to upgrading the cluster, you can create a new 9.0.0 deployment and reindex from the original cluster. For more information, refer to [Reindex to upgrade](#reindex-to-upgrade).
```
